---
layout: page
title: 
permalink: /about/
---

<center>
<p><b>Philo.log</b> is my web nickname and it refers to my interests and values...</p>

<p>I'm studying - among others - Polish Philology (not only, however, as of today I haven't finished any studies yet), and there I learnd, to appreciate the power of words. The word <i>philolog</i> comes from ancient Greece, and it's the combination of two words: <i>philos</i> and <i>logos</i>. <i>Philos</i> was recognized by the ancient Greeks as a specific kind of love, characterized by a very deep level of understanding and meaning. <i>Logos</i> has a lot of interpretations and I really encourage you, to <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logos">read about it</a>, because it's very interesting concept, and i think it's must-know basic philosophy knowledge. Loosely translated, <i>philolog</i> means <b>the lover of logos</b> or simpliest <b>the lover of words</b>.</p>

<p>On the other hand <i>.log</i> is the file extension for an automatically produced file that contains a record of events from certain software and operating systems. The point of a <i>.log</i> files is to keep track of <b>what's happening behind the scenes</b> of aplications, operating systems or web traffic. This relates to my interest of <b>information technology, programming, and cybersecurity.</b></p>

<p>Next reference is <b>Philo Alexandrinus</b>. He was a Jewish thinker who lived in Alexandria in the first half of the first century BCE. At the beginning of the Roman Empire, especially for the Stoics and the Cynics, the fundamental task of a philosopher was the <b>construction of his own self</b>.A man who sought to improve himself had to first <b>regulate his own nature, controlling his passions and emotions and eliminating any gap between theory and practice</b>. He was thus supposed to approach the perfection of a god. To the exact contrary of this attitude, Philo’s purpose was to prove the oudeneia, the ontological nothingness of human beings. In his opinion, the only way to have real existence was to admit that one is nothing without the help of God, who is the source of freedom, logos (reason) and consciousness. He aimed to be the best possible servant of the Revelation and of the text that forms God’s Word. He accepted contradiction as a normal means of expression, which serves as a possible explanation for the disordered impression of his treatises. He was, however, neither ignorant nor confused; rather, he <b>consciously deconstructed the rationalist patterns</b> of Greek thought, which in his opinion served to affirm the primacy of the self. He did not want to get rid of logos but rather to place it clearly within the unique perspective of divine transcendence. Though he felt great admiration for Plato, his transcendence was not exactly Platonic, but rather of a God both absolutely unknowable yet very close to mankind.</p>
</center>